Add missing tests, add validation for unique jobs name (#580)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/README.md

  ├── update-config.sh         # This script updates the new configuration of the "config.yaml" file on a cluster.
  ├── update-jobs.sh           # This script updates the new configuration of the jobs on a cluster.
  ├── update-plugins.sh        # This script updates the new configuration of the "plugins.yaml" file on a cluster.

>   ├── validate-config.sh       # This script runs the "Checker" application and test which checks uniqueness of jobs name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── validate-config.sh       # This script runs the "Checker" application and checks the uniqueness of jobs names.
```
